Decide quickly
Don't pull out the little junior sister
You will die.
Do not draw your sword
Do you dare to pull out this coward Sangning?
I see you are just pretending
Of course not.
If he dares to draw his sword
I Murong Xuance and his surname
Are you there, brother?
You've already helped me a lot.
With you
It was the first time I felt protected
It turned out to be so gentle
No junior sister, don't be sorry
We won't blame you at 30.
Your life is more important than anything else
Go away, little sister
If I die, I will all cross the fire.
You said it.
As long as we Bajie, let them go
The word of the god of war
Of course count
OK
Junior sister does not want junior sister Zhang Ning
Pull it out, do you dare to pull it out?
If you dare not, even if senior brother begs you, don't be afraid
It hasn't moved for so long
It seems you are afraid
That being the case
Then I will send your brothers to the road to fight
Stop it
I dare not pull this hand
Maybe I really lack a memory of you
Three senior brothers
I can meet you today
I'm very happy.
You love me so much
I don't want you to die because of me
If you go back 15 years
I would still make the same choice
Farewell no